Blackadder Universal Deployment Tool
------------------------------------

MODIFIED:

Built-in "deploy":
- If 'sudo' is disabled, starts a copy of click that you have to kill (Ubuntu 12.04) before running 'sudo click'.
- "kill" commands are attempted even if click isn't running.
- If 'sudo' is enabled, it sets "sudo click" in the background with output thrown away, where you can't enter the password to actually start it. (currently running manually)
- Has commented out code to 'start topology manager' on a chosen node.

To minimize the number of commands between "start this network" and "start using the video applications":
(NOT YET DONE) - Check "pidof click" before trying to kill. (This minimizes password entries)
(NOT YET DONE) - Auto-starts topology manager.





How to build:
 
 Invoke the make directly, you system must have already installed:
   - igraph library
   - libconfig http://www.hyperrealm.com/libconfig/
   - TCLAP template library http://tclap.sourceforge.net/


How to run:

  The program accepts types of configuration files as mandatory arguments: 
     - Blackadder Configuration file format that describes nodes and their connectivity (graph)
     - Blackadder Configuration file format that describes only available nodes. The tool will built a random graph for these nodes using
       the barabasi-albert model.

  How to invoke the tool using the first configuration file:
   ./deploy -c <config file>
  How to invoke the tool using the second configuration file:
   ./deploy -c <config file> -a

 In the second case the tool will produce autogenerated.cfg and edgevertices.cfg.  
 The files are stored in the WRITE_CONF folder which is designated in the configuration file.
 autogenerated.cfg is a configuration file of the first type that includes the connectivity graph. This file can be used
 to repeat the autogenerated experiment. edgevertices.cfg contain the leaf nodes of the autogenerated graph to use them
 in experiment deployment.

 Other tool functions:
  
 The tool accepts a .tgz file which tranfers to all nodes and decompresses at the remote user home folder:
 ./deploy -c <config file> [-a] [-t <filename>.tgz]
 
 Planetlab specific file planetlabgetnodes.py
 --------------------------------------------

  This is a python script that works for planetlab-eu accounts.
  Edit the file and add your credentials in the Auth Dictionary field.

  Just execute the file: python planetlabgetnodes.py
  The tool will resolve all IPs and build config type 2 format
  of the available planetlab nodes. 
